This is a head-gum original.
Sounds faint.
There's day, May 11th.
WJ Strike is in full effect.
This is a, we batch recorded an episode.
We did it one this morning.
I'm still kind of in a bad mood.
Just to be honest.
So you guys know where I'm coming from.
Every week we've been trying to, sorry.
I can sip on the show.
It's not a stopable event.
I know.
I just, I'm gonna have to edit that out.
I like fully heard that.
Yeah, we, uh, we're checking in on the WJ Strike.
It's sort of halted Hollywood.
But because we're batch recording,
we're not gonna really get a check in for week three.
So what do you guys think will have happened then?
I think that we're gonna see some repeating signs.
Yeah, that's good.
A sign repeater?
Yeah.
It's like an outfit repeater.
Um, and then second most important.
And I guess we should introduce Erica.
Uh, welcome to the show.
Uh, I don't know your last name.
Otherwise, I would have said both.
That's okay.
It's a matter.
That's not where you're about it.
Holy shit.
Do you want to correct that?
What's that?
That's correct.
Um, and then I guess you're sophomore appearance,
Alkberg on the show.
No, Alkberg on the show.
You just renaming everyone.
Well, Alkberg is the creator of Silicon Valley, right?
Yeah.
It doesn't matter.
What are you doing here?
You're like a millionaire.
I know.
Uh, Erica, this is your first time on the show.
Do you want to introduce yourself to the audience?
What do you do at head gum or anything else you want them to know?
Yeah.
So my last name is Jensen.
Just putting it out there.
Erica Jensen.
That sounds like an animated character.
Really?
And then I do add-ups for the West Coast.
For gumball or head gum.
I guess head gum both.
All right.
Gumball.
Very cool.
And you said you live in the valley.
Where in the valley?
I don't know where that is.
It's okay.
That doesn't matter either.
Okay, cool.
And I'll leave that out, I guess.
Um, you answered like that.
I mean, this is going on to like what 50,000 people.
Really?
Yeah.
Um, doubtful.
Not even.
I thought it was like 30,000.
Don't we sell the ads at 30,000?
Yeah, but those numbers are fudge.
It's probably close to 2,900 people listening.
And then we sell it for 30, 40k.
Which ends up being pennies on the dollar.
Exactly.
Erica knows all about that.
Yeah.
So yeah.
And I don't see a dime of that.
I get paid hourly.
Yes, exactly.
We pay you up front.
So it's low risk, but low reward.
A stipend.
Exactly.
You said stipend with the same like intonation as like new parents say diaper.
Where it's like, they don't want to change a diaper because they're, they're first
time having a kid.
You get this.
No.
Oh yeah, it's Jake that's having a kid.
Um, where is the little soccer?
Do you think, well, by this time next Friday, you'll have been born.
She'll have been born.
I think so, yeah.
Yeah.
And if not, then we've got a real problem on our hands.
I'm going to cut that out.
Uh, we've got a lot to get to.
Everyone seems very nervous.
Even a mirror.
What the hell is that?
My headphones don't work.
Yeah, I feel like I can't hear.
I know.
Yeah.
The headphones are not actually amplifying our microphones.
It's just dampening what we can hear.
IRL.
What about the sound effects?
I can get the sound effects.
Yeah.
I take my headphones off because I couldn't even hear the sound effects.
Are you okay?
Yeah.
You seem upset.
All right.
Um, we're doing this new setup again where I'm behind the boards just because I can live
at it, uh, which makes it easier for me.
And also, uh, head camera fuses to give us a producer for the show.
Uh, other than Ania, who's a supervising producer.
So she handles emails and scheduling, et cetera.
But they don't seem to want to pair this show with a, in studio producer, right?
Someone who can be on the board.
So you can make sure everything is working right the levels, uh, do the live at it.
And, uh, I don't appreciate it.
So here I am behind the boards.
Uh, and I think that people enjoy it last week's episode.
So I don't know what to say.
Yeah.
Thank you.
Bonn of the week, uh, every week, we put up a fucking casting option for 007.
It doesn't matter.
This week, my pick is Dylan Brosnan.
So instead of James Bond, it's James's spawn.
Hmm.
Who's Dylan Brosnan?
He's, uh, Pierce's son.
Oh, his hot son.
Yeah.
How old is he?
What's that?
He's my age.
I went to school with him.
I went to USC with him.
Hmm.
And, uh, there was a day.
There was a night that we were out downtown with some friends at the Ace Hotel.
Hmm.
Pretty awesome.
And, uh, at least at the time.
And, I see Dylan.
And so I'm like, holy shit.
I know like I'm from class.
I don't even think at this point I knew that he was like a famous person's son.
So I go up to him and I'm like, Dylan.
Bunch of you.
I see a people over there like you should come have a drink with us because he was alone.
Uh, and then it turned out he was on a date.
His date walked up and I was like, oh, oh, never mind.
And he was kind of an asshole to me about it.
Hmm.
Interesting.
Sounds like you were just being really nice.
I was.
We might not have been able to hear me because he didn't end up, uh,
with me in the eye.
And that was like 40 feet away.
Yeah, that could be it.
It's so foggy up.
It's a mere second episode.
So he kind of expanded all his energy on the first one.
You're not even trying first of all.
You're mad that you had to have a salad.
We were scheduled to record at one.
Sure.
Our lunch got here at one.
Absolutely.
So the decision was made.
Do we eat now or just think about the food you made record?
Right.
So I thought which was kind of smart.
Should half of it before the record for about 10 minutes.
Yeah.
And then so we're safe.
You satiated for the actual episode.
But it's not like fargic for the full episode.
But now we're, yeah, digesting.
Yes, exactly.
Which is why I thought half was a good compromise.
So I'm not like fully in this post food coma world.
Do you want a digesty?
No.
I don't want a digesty if I'm using it.
I do.
Do you want to compare?
We have comparing.
That's all we have right here.
In the office.
Yeah.
Not good.
We've got a lot to get to.
We're going to talk about the WGA strike.
All we got projecting to next week is that alley thinks that people are going to be sign repeaters.
Which I think is great.
A great prediction.
Erica, what do you got?
Honestly, I have no idea about the whole thing.
Like I know about it.
But like I couldn't give you much to talk about.
And would you say that the question I just asked was good for content.
Sure.
You think it was?
I mean, I don't know why.
I'm not talking about that.
Yeah.
I think it was.
What's that?
No, I didn't say it.
Erica, you said you went to school in Vegas.
You're going to Vegas tonight?
No.
Is that true?
Yeah.
Just for fun.
Well, how often do you go to Vegas?
I go.
I used to go a lot.
Like every few weeks.
And then now it's like once a month or so.
I mean, I go a lot.
Yeah.
Once a month is pretty solid.
I've never been.
No, I'm driving.
Got it.
But sometimes I'll fly.
I don't like flying in the summer.
It's the turbulence is so bad.
Well, you didn't mean the airline.
You just meant like that's the general region.
I meant the airline.
You've never been to Vegas?
I've never.
I've never been to Vegas.
Really?
It shows.
Wait, no, you said it definitely shows.
It's for the best.
Yeah.
Well, I don't think he'd be able to handle what Vegas has to offer.
What do you mean?
It's the same as any other town.
There's just like more clubs.
Yeah.
Well, it's not really that.
The American can tell you.
She's sort of this kind of server.
But that city would chew you up and spit you out.
Yeah.
You don't know me at all.
But what do you think?
To me out.
Well, it's just like all clubbing, drinking, gambling.
It's pretty nice.
Part of stuff.
You don't like.
Those are all things.
It's expensive.
Dinner's buffet.
Well, I like a buffet.
Yeah.
And I like a Cirque du Soleil.
They have that fair.
It's too.
It's scary for me.
Vegas.
I'm terrified.
It's too risky.
The axe, the tricks.
Oh, you're like.
Oh, you're nervous.
I said they're the entire time waiting for someone to get hurt.
And then I'm at the show where something terrible happened.
I have to.
And then I was there.
And then I have that memory.
It's too much for me.
Okay.
So let's do this.
Let's do like a not even thought exercise, but straight up acting exercise.
So you're in the.
Sorry.
She just said okay.
Yeah.
I'm still picking up on the fact that Alex and I'm here.
Wish they could have finished their lunch and peace.
You're at Cirque du Soleil.
Sure.
You're in the audience.
Okay.
They're doing their high flying high fatuten accidents.
Yeah.
I'm starting.
That's what I know.
Yeah.
Okay.
So let's say you and a.
We're at a company to treat next year's in Vegas.
You guys are sat next to each other.
How do you both react?
Here we go.
Three, two, one action.
Whoa.
Oh.
Can I stop you right there?
Yeah.
You're already.
You're doing too much because like you want to be like,
Whoa, you know, during like a.
Yeah.
It's like a performance.
And we're actually doing that there.
Right.
Yeah.
But that's not a good thing.
Like absolutely correct.
I think it's fun to like engage with the show and like feel.
Yeah.
Almost like you're overcome with the joy.
Or the need to like exclaim.
Yeah.
Someone's going to fall.
And then it'll be a silent theater and a mirror going.
Whoa.
I've heard.
Oh.
Yeah.
The fear.
Just one second.
Because so the fear for me is that you.
So you stop doing it for you.
Sure.
Right.
And so can we agree on that?
Yeah.
It's a fact.
Not like something we have to agree on.
And it's a fact.
It's not like such a big deal.
It's a fact.
Carry on.
You stopped doing that show.
And I feel like there's this like.
Each that's not being scratched for your ass.
In terms of performing in terms of being in the limelight.
You think me going.
Whoa.
During a circus.
It's being drunk.
Like reclaim my glory years of being a podcast.
I think you're trying to.
Yeah.
Center yourself.
Where there is no narrative for you there.
And Jeff St.
You're saying stop with the cameo.
So imagine like.
Yeah.
Like a blackjack table saying the.
To with dealer.
Like it wouldn't be sense.
You know.
Sort it out.
Yeah.
They're calling the pit boss.
The first in card counting.
Yeah.
Who's there?
No.
That's your asking for the hit.
Is that knocking on wood?
No.
That's me saying hit me.
Have you been to any casino ever?
Yes.
I went to the talking stick thing with you last year.
It's got still.
Like how much money I lost.
He lost a few hundred dollars pretty fast.
I lost two hundred dollars within ten minutes.
Yeah.
Like what?
Card.
It's fucking blackjack.
I think.
And then there was yeah.
Isn't that like the easiest game though?
Watch the easiest game.
He's still quite couldn't figure it out.
And then do you want to tell the story of how I almost got my legs broken?
Did you?
Were you there?
No.
Remember I like.
So I like barely grazed the table with the chip.
To increase a bit or not.
Oh yeah.
A bet.
And I remember.
Yeah.
The fucking dealers like whoa.
Like you can't.
He's not like the chip.
What mid bet.
It's like you're not supposed to touch that.
It looked like you were like taking some chips off.
I was like, sorry.
Yeah.
Never been to casino.
And he's like, no.
I have to take call my manager.
Oh.
I'm like, but it's like already lost.
Yeah.
Okay.
If I win this.
The casino still wins.
Yeah.
I still lost a hundred fifty dollars.
So I didn't know that it.
People.
Especially in fucking.
What does it Scottsdale?
Yeah.
I don't know.
So I almost got my legs broken.
We shouldn't.
Alex.
What do your thoughts on Vegas?
You know, I went to Vegas for this job for a conference just a few months ago.
That feels like it's the worst way to do Vegas.
Yeah.
Sitting inside like a sea level.
Resort.
Yeah.
It's gone for so whole.
More us at lights.
The smell is smoke everywhere.
That's the first time you've ever been.
No.
No, no, no.
But it's not my favorite place.
Yeah.
Where is your favorite place?
Poooticana.
Sorry.
I was a funny.
Yeah.
What a bad thing to say during a conversation.
You're never in a good place.
You have to ask that.
What's your favorite place?
Turkey.
Really?
Yeah.
What's your favorite food?
Turkey.
Yeah.
Like chicken.
Not like kebab and stuff.
Yeah.
Favorite Turkish restaurant?
You don't have to answer that.
I want to.
I don't want to divulge my secrets.
Wow.
Because then there'll be a line up at the door.
It's like when that bagel place got really famous in Highland Park.
Local references.
People hate when this happens.
Grace cut that out.
Alex, you recently started a vintage furniture with furnishing company.
Wow.
Let's hear her out.
No, let's hear her out.
It's good.
Both.
I did it.
Do you want to plug it?
Yeah.
It's called old souls.
LA.
And I am sourcing cool vintage furniture and home decor.
And I'm selling it online.
And it's fun.
We actually do have a.
If you ever.
If do.
Are there any couches?
You didn't have a question.
You wanted to ask a question.
And you figured it out as you said.
Yeah.
No.
I was trying to say, I need a new couch so bad.
And so if you ever have, I follow your account.
Oh.
I do.
I'm on the hunt for a new couch so bad.
I hate mine.
I can't say it enough.
I hate it.
I got you.
It makes me mad when I go home.
I actually feel the same way about my couch right now.
Yeah.
Talk about it every day to my boyfriend.
And he's probably fed up with me.
Yeah.
You know what?
Like, there's no structure to the back of your couch.
It just hurts your back.
And you're just on.
Lang.
You're playing this against the life of me.
You're playing.
Yeah.
It's a reverse playing.
I'm like, look at you.
Oh.
How does that work?
Where you own basically a furniture company.
But your furniture that you own is not cutting it.
Well, you know, I ordered a new couch like six months ago.
Yeah.
Restoration hardware.
Cardi L.
Dame?
Yeah.
I don't know.
Not never heard of that brand, but it sounds great.
Yeah.
They have like mid-century modern stuff.
But they've pushed it back essentially until October now.
Yeah.
That's a bunch of that mid-century.
I don't know.
See, that's a joke.
Not like you're weird.
Sorry, I can't hear.
What's that?
Are you playing a song?
You made the sound effect.
Yeah.
So at Old Souls LA.
At Old Souls.LA.
And is it local pickup only?
Mostly, yeah.
Unless it's like something really small.
Like put in the effort.
Huh?
Nothing.
How are you?
No.
Is it you purchasing stuff that you see from like flea markets and stores?
Yeah.
So is it from your house?
Sourcing from places like like the Rose Bowl flea.
And you didn't realize it.
I think I said it pretty simply.
I was just wondering.
Yeah.
Not as much flea markets because I feel like that stuff
already like priced.
Accordingly.
Yeah.
A lot is state sales.
That's cool.
So I'm hitting the estate.
Did you go to that one in Belair?
The other day?
No.
Did you?
I was going to.
I didn't wake up at the time.
No.
When you talk.
When you say estate sales is like people
I just passed away.
Sometimes yes.
Well, sometimes they're just trying to get
a bunch of shit.
Sometimes they're someone's moving and they're like
liquidating all their stuff.
It's not enough.
What's the best deal you've gotten at an estate sale?
I got a $50 desk for $9.
No, I paid $50.
Yeah.
And then you can sell it for much more.
Much more.
Yeah.
Let's.
Let's facilitate some deals right now.
So you need a sofa.
I can't even tell you how much I hate my couch.
Yes.
What's wrong with your couch?
I hate it.
It's bad.
It's dirty.
It's comfortable.
Oh.
It's.
I think I.
I bought it from Facebook Marketplace.
I think it.
I bought it new.
But it's so cheap from Amazon.
And I didn't realize that until after it was
already in my house.
Like I didn't put it in the couch.
I made it at the same material.
Yes.
They're a tap.
Yeah.
One lump sum.
It is one lump sum.
It was a hot cross of bun's parody.
I didn't mean to get so heated.
I didn't.
You know what?
I don't talk about this outside of my apartment at night.
So it's like I didn't realize how much it's permeating my mood during the day.
Right.
It's hard to get away.
You can't escape it.
No.
It's always top of mind.
Can I ask a question?
Please.
If your couch was a real life person.
Who would it be?
Oh.
And why?
What's that?
Please not be.
Oh my god.
If it's me.
It would be like.
You know, okay.
It is a it is a sea.
It's also.
It's not the right shade of green.
But it's green.
So I would say it's like the most annoying.
Like Tucker Carlson or something.
Yeah.
But like there.
Have you heard the.
Have you heard the thing that it's like.
Like green couches or like supposed to be bisexual.
It's like.
Have you heard a green couch?
Am I a sexual?
You must be.
I was going on a line where it was like.
All of these people being like if you have a green velvet couch.
That means you're bisexual.
Which my couch is in green or velvet.
And I'm not bisexual.
But.
So what are you worried about?
I'm saying that my couch would be the most annoying.
Try hard out there that also happens to be bisexual.
Interesting.
And it's.
It's I can't complain about it enough.
It was asked me what color my couch is.
We're colors.
Your couch green.
Ask me what material it's made of.
Can I guess.
Yeah.
Right.
That's that's what it.
I've been limiting my option sexually.
Is that true?
You have a green velvet couch.
Why are you so curious all of a sudden?
I'm just thinking.
That's how M.
It came out as by with a green couch.
Is that true?
Yeah.
She used to be my neighbor.
Really?
Yeah.
And then we both moved.
Same week.
She came out as by because of her green couch on to talk.
Did she come out on top?
I thought she came out on top.
It's a winch selling girl.
I think this is what that means.
Right.
And then who did she?
French.
Pete Davidson.
Harry Styles.
Yeah.
I ended up being Harry.
So that's not really proving anything because she was married to a man.
Got divorced, sold to house.
I moved as well.
Same week.
Did I mention that?
Yep.
And we do have to take a break.
The show is sponsored by BetterHelp.
Guys, I'm in a coffee shop in Madison, Indiana.
And I'm going to attempt to do this at read.
It's easy to get caught up in whatever what else needs from you.
Right?
And it's hard to take a moment to think about what you need from yourself.
I often get caught up with my weekly schedule.
Right?
What I have to get done.
Who I have to sort of appease who I have to please.
And I don't check in with myself to be like, what do I need?
Is that rest?
Is that relaxation?
Is that connecting with friends and family?
etc.
But when we spend all of our time giving,
you can leave us feeling stretched then and burnt out.
Right?
And that's where there becomes then.
Because there can give you the tools to find more balance in your life.
So you can keep supporting others without leaving yourself behind.
I'm therapy every week.
Again, I talk about it every week.
Change my life.
Maybe a different version of myself.
Maybe a better version of myself.
And I would encourage you to do the same,
especially because BetterHelp offers expanded access.
So if you're thinking about starting therapy,
you get better help a try.
It's entirely online.
It's decided to be convenient, flexible, and suited to your schedule.
Just fill out a brief questionnaire to get matched with a license therapist.
And switch therapist at any time for no additional charge.
Find more balance with BetterHelp.
Visit BetterHelp.com slash what's that?
Today, to get 10% off your first month,
that's BetterHelp.
H-E-L-P dot com slash what's that?
Thanks BetterHelp.
And we're already back.
You see how fast that was?
Oh, my head for work again.
We're already back.
See, I'll forgive it.
Oh, she knows this.
Erica, how'd you meet your best friend?
My best friend?
Yeah.
Hmm.
My best friend, I met in high school.
But I feel like I have multiple best friends.
That makes sense.
I got that.
Yeah.
It's a tier.
Like my best friend grew.
My best friend grew from LA.
Like I met them in high school.
Yeah.
But I have like best friends from like preschool.
Like I have a different friend.
I like Vegas.
But like...
There's a lot.
But it's just like there's different groups.
And I consider them all like...
Are they all part of the Vegas crew?
No.
I have my Vegas friends.
Separate.
And honestly, if my friends watch this,
but my Vegas friends are my best friend.
Oh.
I love them.
A lot.
No.
I mean...
No, they're not.
You're gonna hear first.
For the life of you.
No.
Who...
But okay.
So let's just start some shit.
What's funny?
Right?
Like this is actually kind of a series episode so far.
Try to get to know Erica.
I've never met her.
Not really.
We talked about Cirque du Soleil.
Yeah.
We talked about Alex's actual business, by the way.
Literally a circus.
I'm not running a circus.
No.
Not you.
A lot.
Cirque du Soleil.
Like a PT Barnum kind of guy.
Right.
Yeah.
Like an agent of chaos.
I can't come out pro circus.
I'm not.
I feel like I stuck.
And I'm sorry for laughing earlier.
It's kind of fucked up.
Um...
Of your Vegas group.
Close his friends.
I should say.
I should take that back.
Oh.
No.
I mean like to go out with.
Yeah.
And like no drama.
No issues.
Like they're like the best people.
I feel like the people I go out with are the ones that always have drama.
But I feel like you're best friends that you've known the longest.
There's always going to be drama.
That's true.
Like there's always like some built up anger.
Something between everybody.
Yeah.
How big is the Vegas group?
Sorry.
It's only like...
I'm curious.
How big is how many people though?
Okay.
So an L.A. like our group is like...
I guess like six girls?
Six out.
No.
Five out.
Six out.
Eight out.
Fifter?
Let's see.
Six out.
Five out.
Minions.
hanging out with from college that her boyfriend's not your best friend. He is my best friend.
So how did we do? He is coming. But I will say, so here's the thing, my boyfriend's from Vegas.
So he has a lot, he lives here now, but he has a lot of like friends in Vegas that have
other friends that we all kind of like all became a group. The crew's sort of the network grows from
there. It's like, yeah, it's like a phone tree. You become his friend and then his friends become your
friends and then they all become friends with each other. Right. I guess you're there. It's a never.
For five minutes in Vegas, you would not survive. Your energy is so anti fun. What do you mean?
There's no way that you would ever like step foot at another casino and have a good time.
The last time Alex was in this room for this show, we were concocting dairy. Yeah, that is nothing.
I almost want to like see you in Vegas, just to like test you out. Yeah,
so it's like a weird fish. Like we grow you. It's an efficient water, just different waters.
But you have to wear what you're wearing now, but like you wouldn't get into a class. You would
not get into a club. That's what I'm trying to say. You would not get into a club. You're wearing a
golf pole. By the way, the same shirt you wore last night on the live. Sure. Sure. Sure.
Take a break. We're right back.
Guys here, I am still in this coffee shop in Madison, Indiana and I want to talk to you guys about
AG1 by athletic greens. Right? Because our next partner is athletic greens. And I take
AG1 by athletic greens every day. I am traveling right now. I've been out of LA for two weeks.
And I have been using their travel packs by AG1 to make sure that I'm having that consistent
nutritional insurance every morning. Again, I take AG1 in the morning every day. I do a glass of water.
I do AG1 and then I do cold brew. I'm soaring, right? Because I feel like I'm doing one thing for
my health every day. The rest of the day, I might not work out. I might not eat well. But I know
that I'm getting all of the vitamins, minerals, and nutritional whole food source super foods
that I need to get my day started right to have good energy and to have good sleep and recovery.
It's hard for me to keep up with the supplement routine. I used to take a bunch of vitamins
different individual pills from different companies. There's no need for that anymore. Because with
AG1, I get over 75 vitamins, minerals, and again, a whole food source ingredients. Have the highest
quality of the highest caliber of the highest calendar that give me major benefits like gut and
move support, boosted energy, and even healthier looking skin, hair, and nails, right?
So if you're looking for an easier way to take supplements, athletic greens is going to give you
a free one-year supply of vitamin D and five free travel packs with your first purchase. Which
again, I am using currently. Go to athleticgreens.com slash reports that, that's athleticgreens.com slash
what's that? Check it out. Thanks athleticgreens.
I think I would last a day in Vegas, and then I'd have to come back. Sure. Sure. You did almost get your
legs broken at the talking stick. You couldn't handle Scottsdale. I don't know, I could have
been you want to be on the strip. No, Vegas has never been my back and I've never been there,
but I don't think I would enjoy it. I think what we should do is we all join Erica on her trip
third and I know the way she wants that. Now you guys could come, tack on, kind of test this out.
Like, see how it'll go. Let me show you around how it'll go. The drive, the drive is the most fun part,
right? Yeah, I'm going to try to drive it through the desert. We can have like hijinks on the road.
Oh, road hijinks basically. Where do you stop along the way? And then I'll rather be in the
car. No, you have to stop in bar so. And then maybe watch some few videos from bar stool and bar
stow. No, not that at all. It's Dave Portno. You know, it's in Baker.
World's largest thermals. I was going to say. And again, and you would tell that because you don't
belong anywhere near there. When how many times have you been to Vegas? It doesn't. Really. Yeah,
literally like gambling. Yeah, grew up in LA, very close by been 21 for at least 19 years. You
got to assume I'm there a few times a year. All right. Yeah, times a year. A few. Do you fly?
Sometimes I fly. Sometimes I drive. I fly. I fly is like easy. It's like 45 minutes, but driving is the
fun part. If you're going with friends, like, driving back is so bad. It's so bad. It is really bad. It
almost undoes the fun of Vegas. Yeah, you cannot leave Sunday at like nine a.m. You'll be like 12 hours.
12 hours. It's beer. Huh? Nothing. I said, I've been to Big Bear. Right. You know, I've never been to Big
Bear. Oh, you guys should do a little retreat. So I go to Vegas and you go to Big Bear. Yeah,
we can like FaceTime and that probably like do you like going to like a cabin and yeah, I've gone to
Maman, but I've never done Big Bear. So you're just like socially liquid. You're just like, you have the
cap. I don't know if it's the food I just had or what you just said, but that I really feel
nauseous right now. What's the problem? Did you eat too fast? No, I was sort of eating at a normal
amount, but then you said socially liquid and I feel like food was just a perfect thing. I feel like
what you said was the norivirus and it's affecting me. The norivirus? I think so. Oh, here we go.
Oh, fuck. Socialy liquid, was it? Yeah, can you elaborate on that? Like you have the capitol. You have the
social capitol to do and the wherewithal, mind you, to be in Vegas, but also in a cabin, which is
like a very well for it. I can only do the latter. I'm with you there. I don't think I'm Vegas.
I feel like I've driven that point home pretty clear though. Yeah, because you said that you get worried
it. I would love to go to Vegas. I want to go once, but I feel, it's a fun place to be.
I feel like I'm going to end up there for like bachelor parties. So I find not going by choice.
And you only go for like a weekend. It's not as too much. No, you get their Friday, party,
party Saturday, leave Sunday. I can't party two nights in a row anymore. I'm only 25.
You're only 25? Yeah. You could party.
Hey, if I can party two nights in a row. You can't, you can't even do one night. When we went to New
York, if the Grammar season shows, you didn't go out afterwards. Everyone else did.
Yeah, you did leave Austin one night. What did you do on the retreat this year? Did he go out?
No, you left early one night. Is that really early? But I thought it was after midnight.
We watched, we sat next to each other and watched a pool game for a little. Yeah, that was fun.
Yeah, we watched a billion. One second, was it fun for Ali? Yeah. Yeah.
Because it was sort of swing twice if he paid you off. No way. That's not like a dream.
My fear with you is like, I don't want you to get too rich because you're going to become weird.
What? Like, you know, some people can handle wealth. You don't think he can take it. Not at all.
I feel like you're going to, you're going to be spending $300 on a hoodie. Do you're not going to change your style?
Okay. And then, like, are you with me? Okay, or are you skeptical?
I mean, that sounds like a nice hoodie. But you know what I mean? And then, you're going to like pay people off.
You know what I mean? I wouldn't do that. No, you would. You would be like,
don't come to this thing tonight because I don't want to feel anxious. Here's a thousand dollars. Here's a rack.
You can pay me not to show up. How much light? I don't want to pay anybody not to show up. That's crazy.
What's the, what's the sandwich picture that you put up behind you? Oh, yeah. So that's going to be,
you can't really see it, but you can see on any sandwich here. But it says Dutch. It says Dutch crunch bread
from togos. Also to the tune of hot crossbubble. Dutch crunch bread. On any sandwich.
Um, Aaron, what's your impression of the show so far?
Honestly. Yes. It's okay. Okay. It's good. You haven't like caught a vibe.
I mean, I think can I be honest? Yeah. I feel like within like head gun. Yeah. Like there's always an awkward
silence. Like someone talks and then it's like quiet. Yeah. So the thing that everybody
comments this every week, they're like, I thought I'd paused the podcast, but it was just something
that happened in the source. But Eric, I mean, it's even not the company. I know I always
am pushing like overlapping dialogue. But like there's a difference between like long silences,
and then like talking over each time. I feel like you're over. I feel like you're making sure that there's
no silence. Well, but normal conversations do have a little bit of a beat between when I talk when you
do. Right. Right. Should we see how long we can go on the silence? Oh, that could be good.
What's the longest silence on the podcast? What's that? Let's get a numbers crunch on that.
I'm sure somebody will love stage make a compilation of that right now. See what it feels like.
Sage does already too much work. Let's let's one minute, 60 seconds of silence. Can you do that?
I love it. Can you put up a timer? Do you see how long we can manage? No, I'm saying,
can we should do 60 seconds of silence right now? All right.
Mayer wants to 60 seconds now. A moment of silence. Starting now.
How long has it been? Not even 36 seconds. That was horrible. That was awkward.
That was hard. Did we make an halfway? There's a lot of eye contact though.
Oh, I was just sort of staring off in the space. Yeah.
Oh, it's the last time you were one in a ward. In a ward? Yeah.
I think in like fourth grade, I did an academic pentathlon. What's the pentathlon?
Yeah. It's like math science. Yeah, you compete with the team of your peers
in like a bunch of answer questions and a bunch of different genres. Maybe it was like fourth
grade or something. I don't know. It was a long time ago. I. Yeah. I don't think we did that go.
You went to UCSB. Yeah. Oh, I have a funny story about that though. I go. Okay.
About the pentathlon. My family always reminds me that I was on stage and I had to answer a question
and the question was like how can animals, something about how animals can sense
like natural disasters or something? And it was multiple choice and I put ESP because I didn't
know what ESP stood for. But basically, yeah, it was just that they can like read minds.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. What is it for my sake?
I don't know what the acronym actually means. So I still could not answer the question.
One of the choices was mind reading and you chose that. Yeah.
Honestly, that's as good a guesses. I think here's something. You're sorry. Yeah.
What was that? That's funny though. That's a good answer. What was the real answer? Like I still
don't know how I have no idea actually. Now that I think about it, that's like not really a fourth grade
level. Yeah, none of us know the answer.
Alley. Yeah. Do you pray? No. Got it. I mean, what was the best birthday of your life?
Just because you have the most to choose from? I guess when I turned 30, I did go to Vegas and
I thought it was very fun. But my friends went. You thought it was very fun or are you
experienced a lot of joy? Both. Okay. Did you have any of your friends about that trip? Nope.
Did you leave anything in Vegas? Did it stay? Did I what?
Because they said, what do they say, Erica? They like what happens in Vegas is always in Vegas?
Stays in Vegas. Did anything stay in Vegas? Did you lose your wallet? His dignity. No.
My dignity and my wallet lost a little bit of my dignity. But in my wallet was completely into. Yeah.
And what put an end to your last relationship?
For me. Or sticking with you. Well, I mean, that Vegas trip was probably the beginning of the end.
In terms of having the relationship ball apart. But for what reasons? Is it that you were there with
just your buddies? And you were like, oh my god. I think it was a case of like meeting somebody at age 25
and then by the 30 year difference person. What's that? Actually, really wasn't done. I can
clear your vision. The question was, is it that you were there without songs, her? No, she was there.
Can I finish the question? Sure. Is it that you were there? Songs, her. And you realized, oh my god,
like life is a, it feels a little lighter. She was there. I still do it. If it's an either or it's the
other one. I really didn't finish. Yeah. Because you keep jumping my line. Okay. Is it that you were in Vegas?
Songs, her. And you were kind of with your buddies and realizing that life felt a little bit better
without her that you were more yourself and that you couldn't really be yourself around her. Sure. Yes.
I've had some questions. Definitely the end. So what was the war? What actually happened?
A case of drifting apart. Sure. Yeah. Because you were moving to Los Angeles. And she was staying
in the air. Correct. And did you, yeah, did you take it well? Well, she, she obviously not. We broke
up. Yeah, but there can be a mutual parting in ways where she also was thinking. Yeah. I mean,
it wasn't an emiss, but it also wasn't like, you know, a happy go lucky time in my life. Yeah,
Erica, do you pray? No, I'm Jewish. And then I mean, in terms of, was that the beginning of the
end or the, that was the end? Well, Jewish people can pray. Are you right? But the way he asked it.
Yeah, I made it seem like a, do you Christian? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So where is she now?
I'm not sure. And this, this is not. No. Take a break. You're right back.
Do we actually go to break every time you throw to break? Yeah. So like, there's a commercial there.
God, not really an ad, most of the time. Yeah. Sometimes it's just a pause. Not selling very well.
It's manifesting what I want to be true, which is that this show would have won four ads for episode.
Sure. Yeah. Do you guys have any involvement in the, the selling of the head gym show?
I don't think anyone sells it anymore. Yeah. Riding the co-tills of AG1. Yeah.
My involvement is a schedule in it. Oh, interesting. So do you ever see like someone who wants
to schedule an ad for this show? And you cancel it. You dive right into Hollywood handbook? No, I don't do.
It's already like booked. And then I just do the ending for it. Yeah. You know?
Ali, let me ask you this. What is something you truly like about yourself? Oh, wow. Yeah.
Um, look at the sandwich behind you all. You asked these questions. So it's no sense. Fred. Yeah.
I like, uh, I think, I think I am a good friend. I like that about myself. Yeah. It's good.
And when was last time you cried? Oh, um, like yesterday. Why? I got, uh, yeah. I got stressed out.
Um, I, I've been, I've been having, uh, insomnia, Alice knows not this. I, it's not funny. It's just the
No, it's just the honesty. I've been having horrible insomnia. And for some reason,
I have found that like, um, if I watch a sad movie and I cry and I have like an emotional release of
crying, then I am able to sleep better. So it's been kind of a journey of like watching really sad
stuff to try to go to sleep. And it's like a weird cycle that now I'm in. Yeah. That's still happening.
Yeah. I'm like, I should tell me about this so long ago.
I'm so sorry. Um, so can I just give one note to him here there? Because I was just, I was
tired of living perfectly fine questions. No, the, the question was great. But before that,
like, Ali and Alex were having a moment. They were like connecting even Eric was smiling. You
looked like you just seen a animal die. So like have some empathy and just yeah, actually. Yeah.
Oh, speaking of animal's dying. It's, yeah. It's like, like, band cheese of entrain, like
spoiler, the donkey. Yeah. That I like had a hard time with that. You know, I'm so attached to
chicken. It's like anything like that. I just, I lock onto it and then I cry and then I, you know,
try to get a solid five. I try to get a solid, not enough sleep. I did wreck for you. What?
The really depressing scene in Dumbo, where the mom is like singing to Dumbo. Yeah. And are you
sure firecrower? Are you thinking, oh, gee, cartoon or you thinking that weird Tim Burton
romantic. Oh, gee, cartoon. I didn't even say the remake. So I can't do that. It's really sad. Yeah.
Eric, can I ask, when you do something positive or like helpful to others, do you prefer like
private recognition or public praise? I'm a dancer. I might get me in trouble. No.
Maybe it. No, I mean, like, depends. If you're like, I'm doing something for my family or
close friends. Like, I don't need any public. But I mean, like, I don't know. Like, you being on this podcast,
you want everyone at the company to send you an email being like good on. Yeah. Yeah. And
am I coming from on you? I'm on all the recognition for being here. Speaking of recognition,
where do you find inspiration? What are the questions from? I wrote down a bunch of interesting
questions. Do you pray and where do you find inspiration? It's like the 40 questions you asked
to fall in love with somebody or thing. No. Jeff, are you going to see are you there? God,
it's me, Margaret. Well, you were saying, God, friend, did you? What? Did you ever accept
last week? Yeah. I might see that. That special. Just speaking of praying and God.
Jeff doesn't strike me as someone that goes to the theaters. Like, I can't see you there. Like,
I can't see you at a movie theater. Does that true? Like, when was the last thing you actually,
like, went to a movie theater, bought, like, a ticket and, like, eight popcorn while watching a film.
It just does. That's true. I can't pick it up. Well, I just can't see it. What did you see?
Yeah. Like, what movie could you possibly have enjoyed? What was it? Evil dead rise? Did you like it?
Like, I can't imagine you liking a movie. Why? So, okay. Name two things you could imagine.
Because you said I can't be making it. You said I can't be in a movie theater and joy right.
Why are things that you think I do? I could imagine you at a bowling alley alone.
Like, Highland. Under my breath. Something to us. Yeah. And you just see him and he has his own
lane and you're just kind of like, okay. Yeah. Like, more people in terms of, like,
quarantine really good or is he bad? Yeah. I think, I think he's practiced that.
Oh, my God. If I do get invited to a movie. He's getting there. He's bad, but he's like,
trying to learn how to do the spin. No!
Yeah, you guys, center me in this narrative that fits your guys' asses,
just because you guys are anxious to sit next to each other. Because you guys all don't know
a very, each other very well, right? So, you have to like gang up on me because you're facing
towards me because that's the only thing that you guys can like, oh, like, you know, when
Republicans are never crashing, come together when there's a war, right? It's not like I'm saying
you're a gutter's up guy. Oh, that's funny. Yeah, it's a real.
This would be perfect if I had a rice. Oh, I just got straight into it.
I love the rice, son. Um, here we go. That was actually the end of my question.
About the man. Um, I have therapy in three minutes. It seems like good timing.
Oh, wow. Do you want to start now? I might do in the studio, my record.
We should live stream it. I think we should, yeah, it should be batch recording. We can do it at
another episode. It's me and Lily and how to dream about her last night, too. Oh,
like a sexy dreamer, just a regular life. This is the first time anyone's ever asked me
questions, so I don't want to. Well, yeah, let's finish out with that. I'll clean therapy.
I went last night. Yeah. I also cried last night. Oh, yeah. Because why? It's therapy, you know?
You're supposed to cry. Real therapeutic. Is therapeutic to cry? I'll give it a shot.
Uh, ercopy got therapy or no therapy. I did not go to therapy. Allie? I don't, but someone told me.
I should ask her back. I used to, but I don't anymore. Because you were fixed.
Uh, no, because the pandemic sort of ended our in-person sessions, and then it was a natural
dissolution of the relationship. Do you feel better? No, not really. Maybe she'll go back. I should.
Yeah. She was kind of mad at me. Why? Brando?
It felt combative at the end. Hmm. She was just, you weren't, she wasn't making any breakthroughs.
That my guards were up. They are. Anyway. Um, at Jeffrey James on Instagram, at Jeff
Ware already on Twitter, and at, I and Jeffrey James on TikTok been posting some really shitty ones
where you sent me there, but I might, uh, my game is a word. Uh, let's go in a weird order.
Let's go Erica, I'm near Ali. Fox. Fox, what do you got social media projects? No, just my Instagram,
maybe. Erica Jensen. Great. I'm here. Old Souls.LA. You stole mine. Oh, that's your shit. Uh,
but yeah, sure. Yeah. That you have that handle on Blue Sky. You guys on Blue Sky? No,
what is it? Twitter without Elon Musk is the selling. Hmm. Oh. But with Jack Dorsey. Yeah.
She just thought of it. Um, I mean, Alex. At a mirror. That's it. That's it. That old soul.
The picture of me. We're switching accounts actually. Yeah. Ali? Uh, at Ali Khan,
on Twitter, and Instagram, and Letterbox, and listen to Geotic, new episodes every Wednesday.
Our podcast with Moona, and I also just wanted to say thank you for everyone who's donated
to the sandwich fund. Um, after the last podcast recording to my Venmo, it was really nice of you,
and I see you and I appreciate it. What is your Venmo? At Ali Dash. How many did you get? I'm making
money. Wow. Are you using it? Can you give us the story? I don't know about the sandwich.
Yeah. It's plain. Um, like as a joke, I, like a, a couple podcasts to go, I just plugged my Venmo
because the mirror said I could, and then, you know, bring all your legal issues to go. Yeah.
I started getting money. I started getting money. Really? How much have you gotten? Well,
I don't want to tell it. It's a lot. How much money? It's a cash money. It's a cash money. It's a
cash money. Yeah. It's good cash money. It's a well, it's enough to get lunch. A nice thought.
I'm so sorry. Well, I would say that after the first one, it was just to say I'm much
for me, but now I think I could cover three of us. Wow. Three of us. It's roughly $16.
Did you do your Venmo again? What is it? At Ali Dash Khan. Let's get her a couch.
Let's get her a couch. You can't check miserable. We're going to sit on a couch.
Okay. Um, that's it.
That was a hit gum original.